Added Django server examples (#63)
logux/docs: README.md

})
```

</details>
<details><summary>Django</summary>

> [`logux-django`](https://github.com/logux/django/) Back-end Logux Protocol support for Django

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`logux-django`](https://github.com/logux/django/) with the Logux WebSocket proxy server.
```

Actions:
```python
# logux_actions.py
class IncAction(ActionCommand):
    action_type = 'INC'

    def resend(self, action: Action, meta: Optional[Meta]) -> Dict:
        return {'channel': 'counter'}

    def access(self, action: Action, meta: Meta) -> bool:
        return True

    def process(self, action: Action, meta: Meta) -> None:
        Counter.objects.first().inc()

logux.actions.register(IncAction)
```

> Subscriptions:

Reviewer: Let’s remove `Actions` and `Subscriptions` since it is the simplest example. We do not need these details yet.

})
```

</details>
<details><summary>Django</summary>

> [`django`](https://github.com/logux/django/) Back-end Logux Protocol support for Django

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`logux-django`](https://github.com/logux/django/) Back-end Logux Protocol support for Django
```

Let’s use package name instead of repo name here

Actions:
```python
# logux_actions.py
from typing import Optional, Dict

from django.contrib.auth.models import User

from logux.core import ActionCommand, Meta, Action
from logux.dispatchers import logux

class RenameUserAction(ActionCommand):

>     """ Action Handler for example from https://logux.io/protocols/backend/examples/ """

Reviewer: Can we remove the description to make example as clean as possible?

Author: Sure

    action_type = 'user/rename'

        def resend(self, action: Action, meta: Optional[Meta]) -> Dict:
            return {'channels': [f'users/{action["user"]}']}

        def access(self, action: Action, meta: Meta) -> bool:
            return action['user'] == int(meta.user_id)

        def process(self, action: Action, meta: Optional[Meta]) -> None:

>             user = User.objects.get(pk=action['user'])

Reviewer: In the `README.md` we show an example with counter:

1. Action `INC`, which increase the counter
2. `counter` channel with the current number

            user.first_name = action['name']
            user.save()

logux.actions.register(RenameUserAction)

> 

Reviewer: This newline can be removed

Author: The new line at the end of the file is required by PEP8. Should we still remove it?

Reviewer: Yeap, we have a new line ate EOF in JS too, but the common tradition is to not put it to code example blocks because they are not files.

> As I see, the main reason for examples in the README is the show how easy consumers would be using Logux.

Yeap, on this page we are showing examples as simple as possible. They are not docs, but example of how it will work.
